<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
# Value proposition scheme
=======
Value proposition scheme
>>>>>>> leila_dev
=======
#Hypothesis:0 ## Doubled motor centrifuge
A model like the one in the drawing can be more cost effective...
>>>>>>> b58af1f504453b2c686e19982a09f1a0817729c5

## Jobs ,  role of the user: what are the common actions usually performed when using small and big centrifuges:

- Prepare the samples in the wet lab bench, usually they are mounted on a rack where you can use them.
- Then, transfer the samples to the centrifuge holder/rack.
- The samples have to be properly distributed on the centrifuge rack. This is a critical part in this process.
  - if this process is not properly done, users can cause a severe damage to the equipment, e.g, the centrifuge shaft can break as the samples plastic tubes. The machine usually makes intense sounds when this happens, and if the user is around, he/she has to stop inmediately the machine.
- The lid/s of the centrifuge has/have to be closed before pressing Run.
- Once is done, the user opens the lid/s and take away the samples from the centrifuge holder to the bench rack for next use.

## Pains : what bother us as users , and are critical on the good performance of the above mentioned jobs.
<<<<<<< HEAD
- (**critical**)There is no internal checking from the equipment that tell to the user that the samples are not properly distributed, before start centrifuging.
- There is no stop mechanism for unbalanced distributions.
- (**critical**)For small centrifuges (eppendurf commercially available) there is no an automatic sign from the equipment related with the  closing of the respective lids that need to be properly closed, before pressing RUN.
- At least for the case of small centrifuges, the machine is able to start runing even if the lid is not correctly closed.
=======
- (**critical**)There is no internal checking from the equipment that tell to the user that the sample are not properly distributed.
- There is no stop mechanism for unbalanced distributions.
- (**critical**)Neither there is any automatic sign from the equipment related with the  closing (at least for small centrifuges) of the respective lids that need to be properly closed, before pressing RUN.
- Even, at least for the case of small centrifuges, the machine is able to start runing even if the lid is not correctly closed.
>>>>>>> leila_dev
  - if a lid is not properly closed can lead also to severe damage of the system.
- Consequently, users with no experience can easily break the machine.
- (**Not critical**)The transfer process of samples from the bench rack to the centrifuge and viceversa, could be a bit tedious, specially when working with many samples at once.

## Gains: what we would make the experience better for the above jobs.
<<<<<<< HEAD

- It would be nice and smart if an automatic mechanism is implemented in the small centrifuges that recognizes when a distribution of samples is unbalanced and also when the lids are not properly closed. 
- It would be nice, for the case when working with may samples to have a rack that have a dual use, for centrifuge and bench manipulations. 
=======
>>>>>>> leila_dev
